OVA migration (#410)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

[id="about-mtv"]
== About {the-lc} {project-full}

> You can migrate virtual machines from VMware vSphere, Open Virtual Application (OVA) files that were created by or are compatible with VMware vSphere, {rhv-full}, {ocp-short}, or {osp} source providers to {virt} with {the-lc} {project-first}.

Reviewer: Looking good, I'm just a bit unsure about the name, isn't it too long?
maybe we should keep it as is here but just use OVA in all rest of the places?

> Migration using Open Virtual Application (OVA) files that were created by or are compatible with VMware vSphere as source providers is a Technology Preview.

Author: @ahadas That's a good idea. Will do.

* Open Virtual Appliances (OVAs) that were created by VMware vSphere
* Remote {virt} clusters

Migration using Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) files as source providers is a Technology Preview.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Migration using Open Virtual Applliance (OVA) files as source providers is a Technology Preview feature only. Technology Preview features are not supported with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs) and might not be functionally complete. Red Hat does not recommend using them in production. These features provide early access to upcoming product
features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.

For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Technology Preview
features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview/.

> ====

Reviewer 2: this part is repeating 3 times in this PR. worth pulling it out to another adoc file?

* {osp}
* {rhv-full}
* VMware vSphere

> * Open Virtual Appliances (OVAs) that were creat VMware vSphere.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Open Virtual Appliances (OVAs) that were created by VMware vSphere.
```
